Docs for deploy generator and review of existing info (#1262)
conan-io/docs: integrations/other.rst

If you intend to use a build system that does not have a built-in generator, you may still be 
able to do so. There are several options:

- First, search in Bintray for generator packages. Generators can be created and contributed by users as regular packages, so you can depend

>   on them as a normal requirement, use versioning and evolve faster without depending on the Conan releases. See :ref:`custom_generator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on them as a normal requirement, use versioning and evolve faster without depending on the Conan releases. If you can't find one that already fits your needs, you can write your own (:ref:`custom_generator`).
```

> - You can use the :ref:`text_generator` or :ref:``json_generator`` generators. They will generate a text file, simple to read that you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the :ref:`text_generator` or :ref:`json_generator` generators. They will generate a text file, simple to read that you can
```

> - You can use the :ref:`text_generator` or :ref:``json_generator`` generators. They will generate a text file, simple to read that you can

Author: ```suggestion
- You can use the :ref:`text_generator` or :ref:`json_generator` generators. They will generate a text file, simple to read that you can
```

> - You can use the :ref:`text_generator` or :ref:``json_generator`` generators. They will generate a text file, simple to read that you can

Reviewer 2: I still see the double quote.

  easily parse with your tools to extract the required information.

> - Use the **conanfile data model** (ref:`deps_cpp_info_attributes_reference`, :ref:`deps_env_info_attributes_reference`) and access its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the **conanfile data model** (:ref:`deps_cpp_info_attributes_reference`, :ref:`deps_env_info_attributes_reference`) in your recipe to access its
```

  properties and values, so you can directly call your build system with that information, without requiring to generate a file.

- Write and **create your own generator**. So you can upload it, version and reuse it, as well as share it with your team or community.

>   Check :ref:`dyn_generators`.

Reviewer: If we move this entry list to the second place, we can remove from the first entry the comment about creating a _custom generator_.
